Update FastlaneMatch.md (#160)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/FastlaneMatch.md

(As of June 2019, `fastlane` could not renew expired profiles automatically or using a command although the documentation mentions that it does)
- Renew the profile on Apple developer center
- Run the following command to update match repository with new profile

```shell
 $ bundle exec fastlane match appstore --team_id {{enterprise/appstore teamID}} --git_branch {{master/appstore teamID}} --app_identifier {{enterprise/appstore bundleID}} --readonly false
```

Note: We specify `app-identifier` so that other valid profiles are not re-generated by mistake.

## Add new device for development

> - Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its UDID, will add it to the developers portal for enterprise team and will automatically regenerate all development provisioning profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its UDID, will add it to the Apple developer center for enterprise team and will automatically regenerate all development provisioning profiles.
```

## Problems and trouble-shooting

> - When you run `fastlane match` first time it will ask you to enter the password from developers portal. This password is stored in iOS team's 1Password vault. If you used the wrong password you will not be asked to change it. You then need to go to your keychain, find the entry for this password (it will be named after the email of the account prefixed with `deliver.`) and delete it. After that next time you run `faslane match` it will ask you for the password again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you run `fastlane match` first time it will ask you to enter the password from Apple developer center. This password is stored in iOS team's 1Password vault. If you used the wrong password you will not be asked to change it. You then need to go to your keychain, find the entry for this password (it will be named after the email of the account prefixed with `deliver.`) and delete it. After that next time you run `faslane match` it will ask you for the password again.
```
